City sightseeing tours on the principle of Hop On Hop Off allow you to plan your own travel route in Moscow.

Principle HopOnHopOff: go (Hop On) and get off (Hop Off) to the bus can be at any of the public transport stops along the route of the sightseeing tour.

Audioguide in 8 languages: English, Russian, German, Spanish, French, Chinese, Arabic, Italian

Duration of the tour: 1 hour on the route number 1, about 2 hours on route number 2.

The starting and ending point of all routes: Marsh Quay, near the monument Repin, opposite Luzhkov Bridge.

Validity of the ticket: 2 days (today and tomorrow) from the moment of the first boarding in the bus, depending on the cost. Most of the stops of double-decker buses are located near the Moscow metro stations. You can easily find our bright red double-decker buses at public transport stops on the following streets:

Route №1 - Bolotnaya embankment, Serafimovich st., Prechistenskaya nab., Ul.Volhonka, Gogolevsky boulevard, Arbatskaya square, Znamenka street, Mohovaya street, Okhotny Ryad st., Teatralnaya square, Lubyanskaya square, Red square (Vasilyevsky spusk) , Balchug, Sophia Embankment.

Route №2 - Bolotnaya nab., St. Serafimovich, the Great stone bridge, ul. Mohovaya, st. Vozdvizhenka, Novy Arbat str., Kutuzovskiy avenue, Ukrainian boulevard, Taras Shevchenko Embankment, Europe Square, st. Bolshaya Dorogomilovskaya, Borodino Bridge, st. Smolenskaya, Smolenskaya-Sennaya Square, Smolensky Boulevard, Smolensk Square, Novinsky Boulevard, st. Novy Arbat, Gogol Boulevard, Soymonovsky Pereulok, Prechistenskaya Embankment, Kremlin Embankment, Moskvoretskaya Embankment, Kotelnicheskaya Embankment, Goncharnaya Embankment, Krasnokholmskaya Embankment, Novospassky Monastery, Podgorskaya Embankment, Yauzskaya Street, B. Ustinsky Bridge, ul. .Sadovnicheskaya, ul.Balchug, st. Swamp, Swamp area, Sofiyskaya embankment, st. Baltschug. You can walk to the main sights of Moscow from our stops on foot, it takes only 5-10 minutes.

Price: 25$